Individual Reflection, Ellinor
I have always thought working in a team is fun and I seem to adapt quite good to different kinds of teams.
I'm not a person that urges for a specific role, instead I adapt and take whatever role has a free spot. But I usually end up having an organizing or administrative role, keeping track of what needs to be done and when, and also being a contact person (to arrange meetings with coaches for example). I also like to write which usually ends up with writing a lot on reports/powerpoints etc. That is a pattern I think followed me into this project as well.

I'm definitely not a morning person and that can be a problem if the group that I'm working with is. Fortunately everyone in our team seemed to be night owls and we did never have a meeting before 11.00 in the morning.
In the beginning of the project I felt that my knowledge of C was lacking, probably because I did not finish assignment 2 yet. Sometimes it was hard to follow along when the discussions became very detailed about pointer arithmetics and I sometime found myself struggling to speak up because you don't want the work to be slowed down. Asking for help more is something I need to work on, that might be one of my biggest failure throughout the whole course. But with that said I feel that I have learned a lot in this project, and my C knowledge is a lot better. Another failure is stress, since I like to organize I end up keeping a lot of what needs to be done in the head which can be stressful since you also see all the things that is not done yet. This can be both good and bad, good for the team (as long as the stress is not contageous) but bad for me, therefore I say it's my biggest win and failure at the same time.
Logging time went quite good, but I forgot to log some time in the middle of the project. I still wrote every date that I worked in my calendar so the approximation of my working hours is 68. I'm satisfied with my accomplishment and contribution to the project and have attended almost every working session. I managed to stay motivated except for shortly after our mutual break from the project, it is always hard to get back to work after a break, but my motivation bar got filled up by my team members once we started working again. That is also why I like working in a team, since you keep each other motivated.
