I would not say have taken any specific role in this project. I have not been solely focusing on one part of the work. During the project I have written some code, written some of the report and made some slides for the powerpoint. This meant that I had quite a good overview of our work throughout the project.

I very much prefer to work in a group. When working alone, I easily get bored and procrastinate. It is also very frustrating to get stuck when you don't have anyone else to ask for help. Solving problems together gives alot of joy and motivation that I just don't get when working alone.

Code-wise, I believe that I learned most during the assignments. This is probably due to the fact that the assignments were in groups of two, and I had to take a bigger workload. However I have become more confident working with pointer-arithmetics than prior to the project. I have also become better at using git.

I have not been logging my personal time during the project. However, thanks to our burndown chart, I know which days I have been working. We estimated that we have worked about 420 hours together. 420/7 = 60 hours.

My biggest win I would say was coming up with the algorithm for the default destructor, when we had been stuck for quite a while. Even though I did not write the actual code, it felt like a big win. The biggest fail I made was probably my first attempt at writing the allocate_array function. I thought that we were supposed to save a pointer to each of the objects in the array instead of just to the first. This led to some problems, and we had to rewrite the whole function.